1. Infineon License

1.1 Infineon hereby grants to Licensee a world-wide, non-exclusive,
non-transferable, non sub-licensable, royalty-free, license to
internally use or have used, copy or have copied the components licensed
under the Infineon License.

1.2 Infineon hereby grants to Licensee a world-wide, non-exclusive,
non-transferable, non sub-licensable, royalty-free, license to modify or
have modified the Infineon Components if and to the extent delivered in
source code. 1.3 Licensee shall have the right to create executable code
of the Infineon Components.

1.4 Licensee shall have the right to sell or otherwise distribute the
Infineon Components in executable code in connection with Infineon
hardware devices such that the Infineon Components and the Infineon
hardware devices form a functional unit. For the avoidance of doubt any
standalone distribution of the Infineon Components is expressly
prohibited.

1.5 Licensee shall not copy, translate, modify, create derivative works,
disassemble, reverse engineer, decompile or otherwise use the Infineon
Components except as specifically authorized under this GENERAL
CONDITIONS OF LICENSE or by compulsory law. 1.6 Licensee shall use all
commercially reasonable efforts to protect the Infineon Components.
Licensee shall in particular not disclose the Infineon Components to any
third party or make the Infineon Components available to any third party
other than expressly permitted under these GENERAL CONDITIONS OF
LICENSE.

1.7 The Licensee shall consider the Infineon Components in any event as
confidential, whether marked as Confidential Information or not, and
shall maintain it in confidence. Any subcontractors of Licensee shall be
bound by confidentiality agreements no less stringent than for Licensee.

1.8 Infineon Components are provided "as is" without any warranties or
representations of any kind, whether expressed or implied, including
without limitation, warranties or representations of workmanship,
merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, durability, that the
operation of the Infineon Components will be error free or free of any
third party claims, including without limitation claims of third party
intellectual property infringement.

1.9 Infineon shall only be liable for its wilful acts or gross
negligence. Any further liability of Infineon for any damages of any
kind, including without limitation damages arising out of business
interruption or lost revenue, loss of profits, cost of capital, or any
special, incidental, punitive, indirect or consequential damages, shall
be excluded.
